Add content from community doc PRs (923, 935, 938, 940, 942) (#163)
rancher/harvester-product-docs: versions/v1.7/modules/en/pages/virtual-machines/vm-images/custom-suse-images.adoc

== Using the openSUSE Build Service (OBS)

> You can create custom images based on what SUSE provides using OBS https://build.opensuse.org/image_templates[image templates], which are pre-configured Kiwi image configurations. For example, if you want use other packages with SLE 15 SP7, you can create an image using the _SLE 17 SP5 Minimal_ template. OBS provides an interface for adding packages and automatically builds the image, which you can download and then upload to {harvester-product-name}. For more information, see the https://openbuildservice.org/help/manuals/obs-user-guide/[OBS User Guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create custom images using SUSE's OBS https://build.opensuse.org/image_templates[image templates], which are pre-configured Kiwi image configurations. For example, if you want to use other packages with SLE 15 SP7, you can create an image using the _SLE 17 SP5 Minimal_ template. OBS provides an interface for adding packages and automatically builds the image, which you can download and then upload to {harvester-product-name}. For more information, see the https://openbuildservice.org/help/manuals/obs-user-guide/[OBS User Guide].
```
